Released Packages and Installation of DOSBox-X
==============================================

New versions of DOSBox-X are released periodically, typically on the
last day of a month or the first day of the next month. DOSBox-X
versions that have been released so far and the change logs can be
usually found in the Releases page:
https://github.com/joncampbell123/dosbox-x/releases

You will find pre-compiled Windows binaries (both 32-bit and 64-bit),
Linux RPM packages (64-bit), macOS packages (64-bit) and the special
HX-DOS packages (for real DOS environments) from the Releases page.

For each DOSBox-X version there are generally three zip packages for
the Windows platform, built with Visual Studio, MinGW 32-bit and
MinGW 64-bit respectively. For example, in the case of DOSBox-X
version 0.83.2, they correspond to the following:

dosbox-x-windows-20200531-220809-windows.zip
dosbox-x-mingw-win32-20200531151931.zip
dosbox-x-mingw-win64-20200531160500.zip

The Visual Studio builds are the default Windows builds to use, but
they only run on Windows Vista and later (Windows 7, 8, and 10). You
will need to use the MinGW builds if you are running Windows XP. You
may also want to use one of the MinGW builds if you encounter specific
problem(s) with the Visual Studio builds. So please select one of the
zip packages to download for your platform and unzip, then you will
find various folders, which are some supported targets (e.g. Win32,
x64, or ARM). Go to a target folder and run dosbox-x.exe inside it,
then DOSBox-X will be launched and ready to be used.

You may also use the all-in-one Windows installer packages to ease the
installation. The installation process will be automated while allowing
you to change the default build to run if you prefer, and you will be
able to start DOSBox-X as soon as the installation ends. A quick start
guide is also included in the package. Windows installer for the latest
official DOSBox-X version is available from:

https://github.com/Wengier/dosbox-x-wiki/raw/master/DOSBox-X-Setup-Windows-latest.exe

On the other hand, the following RPM packages are for Linux platform:

dosbox-x-0.83.2-0.el7.x86_64.rpm
dosbox-x-0.83.2-0.el8.x86_64.rpm
dosbox-x-debuginfo-0.83.2-0.el7.x86_64.rpm
dosbox-x-debuginfo-0.83.2-0.el8.x86_64.rpm
dosbox-x-debugsource-0.83.2-0.el8.x86_64.rpm

Pick a RPM package for your Linux platform and install.

In addition, there are also packages for the macOS and DOS platforms.
The following two zip files are the macOS package and the special
HX-DOS package respectively:

dosbox-x-macosx-x64-20200531151047.zip
dosbox-x-mingw-hx-dos-20200531220949.zip

With the HX-DOS package DOSBox-X can be run in real DOS too, although
not all features of DOSBox-X can be supported in this environment.

Note: You may not see all such packages for some DOSBox-X versions.

Full source code packages of DOSBox-X are also available in both zip
and tar.gz formats. If you prefer you can compile DOSBox-X from the
source code by yourself. Please see the README.source-code-description
file for detailed information on building the DOSBox-X source code and
other related information.
